OKTA-620024 : Update embedded sdk self reg guide (#4576)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/main/ios/summaryofsteps.md

### Sample application and SDK integration

Similar to the Okta APIs, the SDK uses a generic interface to handle each step of the user sign-in flow. This interface enables applications to use a dynamic model when responding to policy changes within Okta. Specifically, it enables a pure policy-driven design that accepts new functionality, such as adding additional sign-in factors, without the need to update your application's code. This feature is important for mobile devices due to the challenges in updating applications. See how the [sample application](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/ios/main/) uses the SDK to implement this dynamic policy-driven behavior.

### Integrate the SDK with the sample code

> In contrast to the sample application, the [sample code](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift/tree/master/Samples/Signin%20Samples) provided in this step-by-step guide wraps the SDK with a more prescriptive and explicit interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the sample app, the [sample code](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift/tree/master/Samples/Signin%20Samples) provided in this step-by-step guide wraps the SDK with a more prescriptive and explicit interface
```

> that is purposely built to help facilitate understanding of how to use the SDK. It's meant to be a learning tool and although you can implement similar code in your app, you're advised to use the same best practice dynamic approach implemented in the sample application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that's purposely built to help facilitate understanding of how to use the SDK. It's meant to be a learning tool and, although you can implement similar code in your app, you're advised to use the same best practice dynamic approach implemented in the sample app.
```
